1. I have considered all aspects of pet ownership including the costs of insurance, veterinary Charge, 
feeding and grooming and I am prepared to accept the personal and financial responsibility of ownership. 
I also have the time to give proper exercise and undertake any training that is needed.

2. I confirm that this animal is being adopted as a family pet and will live inside the home as a member of the 
family and not be chained or kenneled outside. It will be provided with adequate water and will wear an 
identity tag at all times.

3. I agree to register this animal with a qualified vet, will maintain a vaccination and worming programme in 
accordance with veterinary guidelines and understand that it is my responsibility to pay for all necessary 
treatments from the date of adoption.

4. I understand that due to the unknown history of this animal there can be no guarantees against any hereditary 
defects, conditions or illness and agree that MyPet cannot be held liable for any future treatment costs.

5. I understand that I am solely responsible for keeping the adopted animal under proper control and accept full 
responsibility for the animal and its actions. I am aware that animals can occasionally cause damage and agree 
that MyPet are not responsible for any actions of the animal once it is in my care.

6. I agree to contact MyPet immediately should any behavioral problems arise and will work with them and/or a 
behaviorist to try and rectify any problems.

7. This animal is not to be passed to another owner or rescue centre without MyPet prior consent in writing and, 
should I chose, or be unable, to keep this animal for any reason I will return it to MyPet Rescue.

8. I understand that if any of the terms and conditions are broken, then MyPet or their authorised 
representatives have the absolute right to remove the animal from my care and there will be no refund of 
adoption Charge for any animal so returned.Take care of pets
